one of the attributes that I look for in somebody that might be working
for me or even if they're one of my peers, how were they gonna anticipate
problems? Uh, I've worked with plenty of people that will see
the problem in front of them, deal with it and deal with it effectively,
but failed to see what the second and third order effects are
gonna be of this problem are even dealing with this problem. How does
it? Because sometimes the way you deal with the problem changes the
way you're gonna end up, uh, you're gonna end up operating in some
respect. Uh, strangely enough, I've it seems like my experience with
women in the military is that they're better at anticipating problems
than men. But they might also be a function of the fact that you're
generally with a lot more men in the military and those s o. You
notice those things, perhaps about one and more. Um, I always valued
a subordinate more when they were thinking ahead at what could happen
with the current problems that we were dealing with